kafka: update the kafka to 2.3.0 (#50)
kudobuilder/frameworks: repository/kafka/docs/latest/monitoring.md

# Monitoring

> KUDO Kafka operator comes by default the JMX Exporter agent enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the KUDO Kafka Operator comes with the JMX Exporter agent enabled. 
```

> When Kafka operator deployed with parameter `METRICS_ENABLED=true` (which defaults to `true`) then:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Kafka operator is deployed with the parameter `METRICS_ENABLED=true` (which defaults to `true`) then:
```

> - Each broker bootstraps with [JMX Exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/jmx_exporter) java agent exposing the metrics at `9094/metrics`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each broker bootstraps with the [JMX Exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/jmx_exporter) java agent exposing the metrics at `9094/metrics`
```

- Adds a port named `metrics` to the Kafka Service

> - Adds a label `kubeaddons.mesosphere.io/servicemonitor: "true"` for the service monitor discovery. 

Reviewer 2: kind of weird seeing kubeaddons here since it's non-public thing...

Author: good catch! it is actually `kudo.dev/servicemonitor: "true"`

```
kubectl describe svc kafka-svc
...
Port:              metrics  9094/TCP
TargetPort:        9094/TCP
...
```

> ### Using Prometheus Service Monitor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the Prometheus Service Monitor
```

> To use the prometheus service monitor, its necessary to have installed the prometheus operator previously in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the prometheus service monitor, it's necessary to have installed the prometheus operator previously in the cluster.
```

> If the Kafka Cluster Service in the default namespace, we can use the next example of the service-monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Kafka is using the default namespace, we can create a service-monitor with the following:
```

```
kubectl create -f resources/service-monitor.yaml
```

> Install the [grafana dashboard](./resources/grafana-dashboard.json), and we should be able to see the Kafka dashaboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload this [grafana json](./resources/grafana-dashboard.json) and you should see the following Kafka dashboard:
```

![Grafana Dashboards](./resources/grafana-capture.png)

> ### Disable JMX Exporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disable the JMX Exporter
```
